README.md, before:

# Quiz printer

Automatically print the whole quiz on INF's Moodle.

## Disclaimer

Don't use this software to do stuff you're not supposed, like sharing quizes!
This is developed to enable you to print your own quizes to have them later as images, saved on Drive or something.

## Setup

Requirements: node and npm/yarn

Clone the repo, then cd into `inf-moodle-quiz-printer`, then install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run:

```bash
node index.js help
# outputs:

#Required parameters:
#username: [string] Username to login on INF's moodle
#password: [string] User's password
#url: [string] URL to the quiz. IMPORTANT: you may need to use quotes (") around this parameter, since it includes & signs!

#Optional parameters
#screenWidth: [number] Browser screen width
#screenHeight: [number] Browser screen height
#mobile: Show mobile version of website
```

To run on a quiz, run:

```bash
node index.js username=YOUR_USERNAME password=YOUR_PASSWORD url="https://moodle.inf.ufrgs.br/mod/quiz/summary.php?attempt=XXXXXX&cmid=YYYY"
```

Get the URL from the browser, entering in the quiz.
Don't forget to use `"` on url if needed.

## TODO list

[x] Read username, password and URL from params

[x] Width and height as optional params

[] Combine all images into one

[] Print only quiz area, without sidebar, header and footer

[] Output format as optional param

[] Improve docs

[] Test if it works for other Moodles

Commit message:

Added option to select a starting question via CLI.

README.md, after:

# Quiz printer

Automatically print the whole quiz on INF's Moodle.

## Disclaimer

Don't use this software to do stuff you're not supposed, like sharing quizes!
This is developed to enable you to print your own quizes to have them later as images, saved on Drive or something.

## Setup

Requirements: node and npm/yarn

Clone the repo, then cd into `inf-moodle-quiz-printer`, then install dependencies:

```bash
npm install
```

Then, run:

```bash
node index.js help
# outputs:

# Required parameters:
# username: [string] Username to login on INF's moodle
# password: [string] User's password
# url: [string] URL to the quiz. IMPORTANT: you may need to use quotes (") around this parameter, since it includes & signs!

# Optional parameters
# screenWidth: [number] Browser screen width
# screenHeight: [number] Browser screen height
# mobile: Show mobile version of website
# start: [number] Number of the question to start printing
```

To run on a quiz, run:

```bash
node index.js username=YOUR_USERNAME password=YOUR_PASSWORD url="https://moodle.inf.ufrgs.br/mod/quiz/summary.php?attempt=XXXXXX&cmid=YYYY"
```

Get the URL from the browser, entering in the quiz.
Don't forget to use `"` on url if needed.

## TODO list

[x] Read username, password and URL from params

[x] Width and height as optional params

[] Add option to select the final question to be printed

[] Combine all images into one

[] Print only quiz area, without sidebar, header and footer

[] Output format as optional param

[] Improve docs

[] Test if it works for other Moodles
